1. write a program that asks user to enter a sentence.
                then print the first & last characters of the sentence

2. write a program that asks user to enter two strings, and print out the longest string


3. write a program that can check if the first and last characters of the string are same
            ex:
                level
            output:
                same

4. write a program that can return the initials of the user

            ex:
                cybertek
                school

            output:
                C.S

        Note: Pay attention to the example output


5. Write a method that asks user to enter a string.
        if the string is empty, print: string is empty
        if the string has more than 3 characters, print the last three characters
        if the string has less than or equal 3 characters, print the string itself


6. write a program that asks the user enter a three letter word.
Check if the middle character of the given word is 'a'.
In the case it is print: "Cool word", but in the case the middle letter is not 'a' print: "Okay word".

     - If the user does not enter a 3 letter word tell them:
             If the word is less than 3 letters: "Word is too short"
             If the word is too long: "Word is too long"


7. Write a program  for CheckWords, the program accepts 3 words and :
            - if they are same length:  print "All words are same length"
            - if some same length and others not:    print "Not Same nor Different lengths"
            - if all different length :  print "All different length"


8. You are writing a code for the log-in function of the Cybertek Application, assume that your credentials are:
                    username: Cydeo
                    password: WoodenSpoon

        Ask the user to enter their credentials. If credentials are matched, your program should print "Logged in."
        otherwise print "Incorrect username or password" as error message

    	Hints: 	In order to login, both username and password MUST be correct
    			you will need to use equals() method


9.  Create a class called Reverse, write a program that will reverse a string.
Your program should reverse a string only 5 characters long.
	If word is shorter, display message: "Too short!".
	If word is longer, display message: "Too long!".
	Otherwise, reverse this word and print out result into the console.


10. Create a class called TipCalculator, write a program for a tip calculator.
There will be different service quality benchmarks that will determine the tip given.
There will also the ability to calculate based on the number of people in the party and if there is a split of the bill or not.

		Poor = 5%, Fair = 10%, Good = 15%, Great = 20%, Excellent = 25%

	The program should display the following information based on the user input:

	Split or No split (Yes or No),  Number of people entered: (number) (each person = & in output) Check amount: (number) Service Quality: (String) Total to pay: Total tip: Total per person: Tip per person:

	Ex:
		Split or No split (Yes or No)?
		Yes
		Enter the number of people
		4
		Enter the check amount:
		476
		How was the srvice quality? (Excellent/Great/Good/Fair/Poor)
		Excellent

		output:
			Number of people entered: 4
			Total to pay: 595.0
			Total tip: 119.0
			Total per person: 148.75
			Tip per person: 29.75

	HINT: you will need to use .equals() method


11. Create a class calledTravel. Make a cost variable to calculate how much the person will owe after everything.
		Ask the user if they have a valid passport (yes or no)
			If the user enters yes:
					The base cost of the ticket should be set to: 1000
            		Ask the user the country they to travel to (String, multiple word)
            		Ask the user how many bags they will take with them (byte)
                			> Each bag will add 50 to the cost
            		Ask the user how many people they will travel with (short)
                			> For each person the cost is reduced by 100. Up to a limit of 300.
            		Ask the user to Enter the name of the people they will travel with in one line, separating each name with a comma (String, multiple word)

            		Print: "Your ticket is booked to $countryName. We have charged extra for the $numberOfBags bags but you are traveling with $peopleYouTravelWith so we are giving a discount. Your total cost is $costAmount"


    		If the user enters no:
    				The base cost of the passport renewal is: 200
		            Ask the user when their passport expired(int)
		                > Each year it was expired adds 75 to the cost
        			Ask the user which country they plan to travel
		            Ask the user if they will be traveling in the next year (String - yes or no)
		                > If yes: add 100 to the cost
		                > If no: subtract 50 from the cost

        			Print: "Looks like your password has been expired for $years, but not to worry we will get it ready for you to travel to $allCountries. Your total cost has come out to $costAmount."














